Adding the lookup files to the repository (#1)
ONSdigital/eq-lookup-suggestions-data: README.md

# eq-lookup-suggestions-data
eQ Lookup Suggestions Data

> 

Reviewer: The heading should be "EQ Lookup Suggestions Data" rather than the repo name.

> This repository contains the data-sets required for lookup questions in eq-questionnaire-schemas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository contains versioned TextField suggestion data for eq-questionnaire-runner
```

> | Datasets |       |

Reviewer: - Datasets -> Dataset
- The second column should have a heading of "Description"
